PG/readme update (#6)
zama-ai/AVED: README.md

> Full documentation for the ALVEO Versal Example Design can be found at the following link: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full documentation for the ALVEO Versal Example Design can be found at the following link:
```

[xilinx.github.io/AVED/](https://xilinx.github.io/AVED/)

# Why this fork?

The TFHE accelerator developed by Zama is running on [Alveo V80 board](https://www.amd.com/en/products/accelerators/alveo/v80.html) and is today using the AMI driver to:
- manage the V80 board: load flash, reload fpga, read sensors...
- read and write registers of this accelerator:

>   - added peek & poke commands to ami char device, see [sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h](/sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - added `peek` & `poke` commands to ami char device, see [sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h](/sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h)
```

  - these 2 commands are generating GCQ commands to read & write our accelerator registers
  - [sw/AMI/driver/ami_peekpoke.c](/sw/AMI/driver/ami_peekpoke.c)
  - [sw/AMI/api/src/ami_peek_poke_access.c](/sw/AMI/api/src/ami_peek_poke_access.c)
  - [sw/AMI/app/cmd_handlers/cmd_peek.c](/sw/AMI/app/cmd_handlers/cmd_peek.c)
  - [sw/AMI/app/cmd_handlers/cmd_poke.c](/sw/AMI/app/cmd_handlers/cmd_peek.c)
- push instructions to this accelerator:

>   - added iop_push command to ami char device, see [sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h](/sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - added `iop_push` command to ami char device, see [sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h](/sw/AMI/driver/ami_cdev.h)
```

  - this command is pushing accelerator instructions in a queue located in DDR of V80
  - [sw/AMI/driver/ami_iop_push.c](/sw/AMI/driver/ami_iop_push.c)

> The small additions we did on the ami_tool application and the AMI driver are mainly related to these two latest objectives. We also added a guardrail in cfgmem_program to prevent a PDI without firmware to be loaded in the flash and updated the API to manage properly both PCIe physical functions when reloading the FPGA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The small additions we did on the ami_tool application and the AMI driver are mainly related to these two latest objectives. We also added a guardrail in `cfgmem_program` to prevent a PDI without firmware from being loaded in the flash and updated the API to properly manage both PCIe physical functions when reloading the FPGA.
```

As this AMI driver and the associated API & application (ami_tool) are GPL-2.0-only, we decided to keep these in a separate repository.

> When running the Zama TFHE accelerator on V80 FPGA board, only binary compilation results from this repository are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the Zama TFHE accelerator on a V80 FPGA board, only binary compilation results from this repository are used.
```
